.. bpo: 28932
.. date: 9529
.. nonce: QnLx8A
.. release date: XXXX-XX-XX
.. section: Core and Builtins

Do not include <sys/random.h> if it does not exist.

..

.. bpo: 25677
.. date: 9528
.. nonce: RWhZrb
.. section: Core and Builtins

Correct the positioning of the syntax error caret for indented blocks.
Based on patch by Michael Layzell.

..

.. bpo: 29000
.. date: 9527
.. nonce: K6wQ-3
.. section: Core and Builtins

Fixed bytes formatting of octals with zero padding in alternate form.

..

.. bpo: 26919
.. date: 9526
.. nonce: Cm7MSa
.. section: Core and Builtins

On Android, operating system data is now always encoded/decoded to/from
UTF-8, instead of the locale encoding to avoid inconsistencies with
os.fsencode() and os.fsdecode() which are already using UTF-8.

..

.. bpo: 28991
.. date: 9525
.. nonce: lGA0FK
.. section: Core and Builtins

functools.lru_cache() was susceptible to an obscure reentrancy bug
triggerable by a monkey-patched len() function.

..

.. bpo: 28739
.. date: 9524
.. nonce: w1fvhk
.. section: Core and Builtins

f-string expressions are no longer accepted as docstrings and by
ast.literal_eval() even if they do not include expressions.

..

.. bpo: 28512
.. date: 9523
.. nonce: i-pv6d
.. section: Core and Builtins

Fixed setting the offset attribute of SyntaxError by
PyErr_SyntaxLocationEx() and PyErr_SyntaxLocationObject().

..

.. bpo: 28918
.. date: 9522
.. nonce: SFVuPz
.. section: Core and Builtins

Fix the cross compilation of xxlimited when Python has been built with
Py_DEBUG defined.

..

.. bpo: 28731
.. date: 9521
.. nonce: oNF59u
.. section: Core and Builtins

Optimize _PyDict_NewPresized() to create correct size dict. Improve speed of
dict literal with constant keys up to 30%.

..

.. bpo: 29085
.. date: 9520
.. nonce: bm3gkx
.. section: Library

Allow random.Random.seed() to use high quality OS randomness rather than the
pid and time.

..

.. bpo: 28923
.. date: 9519
.. nonce: naVULD
.. section: Library

Remove editor artifacts from Tix.py.

..

.. bpo: 29055
.. date: 9518
.. nonce: -r_9jc
.. section: Library

Neaten-up empty population error on random.choice() by suppressing the
upstream exception.

..

.. bpo: 28871
.. date: 9517
.. nonce: cPMXCJ
.. section: Library

Fixed a crash when deallocate deep ElementTree.

..

.. bpo: 19542
.. date: 9516
.. nonce: 5tCkaK
.. section: Library

Fix bugs in WeakValueDictionary.setdefault() and WeakValueDictionary.pop()
when a GC collection happens in another thread.

..

.. bpo: 20191
.. date: 9515
.. nonce: Q7uZCS
.. section: Library

Fixed a crash in resource.prlimit() when passing a sequence that doesn't own
its elements as limits.

..

.. bpo: 28779
.. date: 9514
.. nonce: t-mjED
.. section: Library

multiprocessing.set_forkserver_preload() would crash the forkserver process
if a preloaded module instantiated some multiprocessing objects such as
locks.

..

.. bpo: 28847
.. date: 9513
.. nonce: J7d3nG
.. section: Library

dbm.dumb now supports reading read-only files and no longer writes the index
file when it is not changed.

..

.. bpo: 26937
.. date: 9512
.. nonce: c9kgiA
.. section: Library

The chown() method of the tarfile.TarFile class does not fail now when the
grp module cannot be imported, as for example on Android platforms.

..

.. bpo: 29326
.. date: 9511
.. nonce: 4qDQzs
.. section: Windows

Ignores blank lines in ._pth files (Patch by Alexey Izbyshev)

..

.. bpo: 28164
.. date: 9510
.. nonce: h4CFX8
.. section: Windows

Correctly handle special console filenames (patch by Eryk Sun)

..

.. bpo: 29409
.. date: 9509
.. nonce: bhvrJ2
.. section: Windows

Implement PEP 529 for io.FileIO (Patch by Eryk Sun)

..

.. bpo: 29392
.. date: 9508
.. nonce: OtqS5t
.. section: Windows

Prevent crash when passing invalid arguments into msvcrt module.

..

.. bpo: 25778
.. date: 9507
.. nonce: 8uKJ82
.. section: Windows

winreg does not truncate string correctly (Patch by Eryk Sun)

..

.. bpo: 28896
.. date: 9506
.. nonce: VMi9w0
.. section: Windows

Deprecate WindowsRegistryFinder and disable it by default.

..

.. bpo: 29349
.. date: 9505
.. nonce: PjSo-t
.. section: Documentation

Fix Python 2 syntax in code for building the documentation.

..

.. bpo: 28950
.. date: 9504
.. nonce: 1W8Glo
.. section: Tests

Disallow -j0 to be combined with -T/-l in regrtest command line arguments.

..

.. bpo: 28683
.. date: 9503
.. nonce: Fp-Hdq
.. section: Tests

Fix the tests that bind() a unix socket and raise PermissionError on Android
for a non-root user.

..

.. bpo: 26939
.. date: 9502
.. nonce: 7j_W5R
.. section: Tests

Add the support.setswitchinterval() function to fix test_functools hanging
on the Android armv7 qemu emulator.

..

.. bpo: 28762
.. date: 9501
.. nonce: Ru0YN_
.. section: Build

lockf() is available on Android API level 24, but the F_LOCK macro is not
defined in android-ndk-r13.

..

.. bpo: 28538
.. date: 9500
.. nonce: FqtN7v
.. section: Build

Fix the compilation error that occurs because if_nameindex() is available on
Android API level 24, but the if_nameindex structure is not defined.

..

.. bpo: 20211
.. date: 9499
.. nonce: gpNptI
.. section: Build

Do not add the directory for installing C header files and the directory for
installing object code libraries to the cross compilation search paths.
Original patch by Thomas Petazzoni.

..

.. bpo: 28849
.. date: 9498
.. nonce: AzRRF5
.. section: Build

Do not define sys.implementation._multiarch on Android.
